-Tell me about a situation where you have missed a deadline
-Follow-ups: Did you learn anything from it, how did your manager reacted.
I was tasked to do Target-Analytics Integration. I was sending server side events of the customer interaction with Target to Analytics. Analytics already has APIs to
consume any data which comes in CSV format. However, when Target side of work was completed and integration was tested I found out that there is a need of handshaking b/w
Analytics and Target so that I know that CSV is uploaded. It turned out that Analytics has to create a bucket where they receive all similar requests. That bucket creation
on all environment was not in the plan, not anticipated. During POC I tried with the default bucket and thought it to be workable.
Bucket creation involves creating a database where those events are stored. For this, Analytics team had to take CMR but they were not able to align  it with one of their
release. As a result, this feature has to be placed behind feature toggle. And was turned off for that release.
Manager reaction was not quite happy with the sequence of things. He expected that this requirement should have come early.

-Tell me about a situation where you had a disagreement.
Target involves image upload for use my marketers in their A/B test at some later point. We wanted to improve that flow so that it doesn't take resources with real-time
requirements. Two solutions to this problem were proposed - One is async by me and other was ThreadPool. I had strongly disagreed to THreadPool approach because it will
tend to share resources with other tasks, when the need was to decouple it with. It was a solution for a short term and my reasoning took the team into confidence that
it will not work when we have large image requests, especially during shopping season.

-Tell me about a situation where you did something extra for your product, which was not part of your daily tasks.
-Follow-ups: Explain the impact in terms of numbers, why was the task was not in sprint task
I went into customer advocacy calls with product manager.
Objective - Early adoption of feature that I and team developed. New features are not adopted early because anything that happens in AB test has potential to
impact the revenue. So marketers are being cautious.

-Explain your current role and the product you are working and some cross questions

-Tell me about a situation where you learned something very new and aced it.
Until that time we were doing mostly synchronous processing and only using the constructs - Job Queue, Distributed Queue provided by the underlying infra server i.e. AEM.
To suit the product requirements, I learned and proposed seperating async operations from the Job Queue. That workflow was developed and it turned out to be success.
Both in terms of performance improvement which lead to greater customer experiences and reduction in production issues arising out of load at peak times.

-Tell me about a situation where you did something innovative.
Batch API

-Tell me about a situation each team mates proposed a different solution for same problem and you had to accept their approach.
Multi Metric GET and POST API



What is your day to day work?
technical problem, code
My day to day is generally driven by the tasks decided in fortnightly sprint planning. The breadth of work that I do is
REST API endpoints involving business logic that may require new DB tables, migration of existing ones. Unit Tests, presenting POCs
Includes Code Reviews, Unit Tests, Integration Tests.
Moreover, I am an active member of design decisions made in the team, feasibility study and POC evaluation.
Creating new services to an existing component or designing new microservice is the scope of my work.

Recently created microservice is data ingestion for customer CRM data to build segments for personalization of
returning visitors, even before. It is like a data pipeline where

Disagreement - Batch sending of data versus single records. Additional feature is each successful / failed entry can be
monitored. Success rate is higher.

When you went out of the way to accomplish a work?


Anything good you have done and happy about?
1. Problem
2. Identify the problem
3. Quantify the problem
4. SOlution
5. Impact on the company/product - Choose terms from LP




Answers & tips for the following 28 interview questions:
Tell me about a situation where you directly impacted customer satisfaction?
Tell me about a time you had to earn the customer's trust?
Tell me about a time that you generated change in your organization?
What has been your greatest accomplishment?
What is the most difficult situation you have ever faced in your life? How did you handle it?
Describe a process that you made better using a simple solution?
Give me an example of when you had to use your negotiating skills?
What is your take on leadership?
Describe a time when you hired someone and it didn't turn out as expected and how did you handle it?
Do you think you'll reach a point where you storm off the floor and never return?
What type of leader are you? Explain your leadership style. What does it mean to be a great leader?
Describe a time where you went above and beyond your job description?
What would you do if somehow you misdirected 10,000 units of something?
Tell me about a time when you had to think of more than one way to convince a person to agree with an idea?
If your direct manager was instructing you to do something you disagreed with, how would you handle it?
How do you motivate people?
If you were told that you project was cancelled, what would you do?
If you were given a project with no clear goal or resources, how would you approach it?
What is the worst mistake you ever made?
What would you do if you found out that your closest friend at work was stealing?
What would you do if you saw someone being unsafe at work?
Tell me about the last time you had to apologize for someone?
Tell me about a time when you were leading a group, were assigned a goal, and did not reach it?
Are you willing to work on your feet for ten hours a day, four days a week?
Tell me about a time when you had a conflict with a person and how you handled it?
Tell me about a time when you had a group conflict and how did you overcome this conflict?
How did your actions in a leadership role increase productivity?
Give an example of a time when you communicated your vision and motivated your employees?
Overview of a method for answering behavioral interview questions
The DIGS Method
